okay um welcome everyone if you're
joining you are tuning in to our live
ultimate attendee guide um for saster
annual that's coming up so I'm just
going to make Trisha co-host here so she
can help answer any questions so yeah
we're going to cover um a few things
today um if you've never been to annual
or if you're coming back welcome back um
sister is coming up quickly um so yeah
we just want to go through kind of a
guide of everything you need to know for
this year we are recording and live
streaming this so if you can't join or
if you've got other team members who
want to join um they'll be able to watch
that as well so yeah thanks everyone for
joining so with that we're going to go
ahead and get started so we can give you
all the tips and tricks um for attending
this year's saster annual so I'm G to go
slideshow okay so hopefully you guys
know by now that the saster annual is
quickly upcoming it is September 10th
through 12th so just two weeks away
really um from the annual it's our um
10th SAS annual which will be really fun
um and yeah as I mentioned if we if you
have any questions we probably will
cover it here but you can drop into the
chat or the Q&A if you're on the zoom um
or we'll also check the questions on the
live stream um so yeah thanks for
joining um saniel just add a glance you
know we you know attend is always
attendance is always hard to gauge at
the end because usually picks up as it
is now so but you know we'll have around
13,000 people across 3 days um it is
outdoor indoor sort of more Festival
style if this is your first time coming
um we do a lot of like networking
sessions investor meetings lots of
really great speakers coming this year
um as well as like the new kind of like
AI Summit and Stage within sasra annual
so yeah lots going on for the 10th sasra
Annual this year so the purpose of today
is to really just give you guys a high
level overview we'll try not to make it
the full hour because we've done these
before and people like the full hour is
a little bit a lot to watch back if we
send it on U and we add this to the
website so we'll try and do this um more
so out of glance a lot of this is on
saster annual.com if you go to the
attendee portal um a lot of this is
there for you guys um but yeah we're
just going to hit some tips and tricks
um again just to know if it is your
first time or it's or if you're coming
back things always change from year to
year um so just an important things so
first and foremost to know before you go
um I just talked about it but the
attendee portal is here I'm also going
to drop these slides um into the chat if
it will let
me so I'll drop this here um that way
you guys can view this anyone with the
link yep perfect so I'll drop this into
the chat if you're following along on
the zoom um but all of this information
also lives in the attendee portal so
yeah if you come here to um san.com go
to the attendee portal um this is a lot
of what we're going to be covering today
um but I know a lot of it's it's it's
kind of dense so we'll give you also our
commentary on it which will be a little
bit different but yeah a lot of this
loads in the attendee portal so if you
haven't checked it out yet we'll go over
a lot of this now but if you have to
drop or something um definitely check
out the attendee portal it's also linked
in the mobile app again a lot of really
great information we're constantly
updating this um for things you need to
know before you come you'll also get you
know those weekly attendee newsletters
um we'll send that one out today with
the recording of this for everyone so
yeah so again there's a lot of really
great information um at your disposal
and I see a bunch of you here now so
okay so yeah that's the attendee portal
first and foremost lots of really great
information there um if you're looking
for answers to questions lots of them
are there yeah but out a glance right
just to give you guys our best tips and
tricks so the location is the Sano
County Event Center um if you've never
been it is a massive 40 plus acre campus
so you might see some different
addresses sometimes um in this webinar
or when you get in the Uber you'll see
like this Saratoga address and then
sometimes you'll see a Delaware address
both are actually correct and true it's
just because the campus is so big that
there are multiple it takes up multiple
city um blocks so it is on either of
those sides you can go to either one um
you can also just put in you know Sano
County Event Center sometimes it's also
called the Sano County Fairgrounds um
and all of those things will take you to
the right place um you'll know when you
see it because you'll see like a bunch
of tents and like sign Edge that's very
blue kind of similar to this vibe um
indicating that you are getting closer
to saster so um keep in mind as I've
said saster anual is an outdoor indoor
campus um it is a big campus so you know
dress and pack appropriately it's the
Bay Area so weather is a bit
unpredictable as it has been this week
so you know it can get warm in the
afternoons but you know you might need
like a thin jacket in the mornings um
sensible shoes are always recommended
right our dress code for the event is
just business schedule um so yeah that
just something to keep in mind is like
there's going to be a fair amount of
walking um between you know the outdoors
the indoors registration all that stuff
so yeah it's it's a fair amount of
walking so just come prepared um I know
too a lot of like our sponsors and stuff
are doing giveaways that play to our
indoor outdoor theme we've got like hats
and stuff in our swag store um but you
know all SK asbs for so yeah there's a
lot of really great resources on
property um okay this is one of the top
questions we get lately which is is like
okay since the campus is so big how do
we get there how do we get around um so
first and foremost if you are local or
if you're renting a car you can request
a parking pass it is absolutely free so
again it's in that attendee portal you
click that link you click the parking
request form it will ask you to fill in
just your details of you know your name
email Etc ticket number um so that you
can request parking um so that you can
get a parking pass um we do assign these
on a first come first survey basis but
like I said it's free so even if you
think you need it um I would request
your parking now so that we can start to
distribute that out to you um and then
if for some reason parking gets full um
you can use our overflow parking over at
the crayon Plaza which is one of our
attendee hotels um and then in terms of
Uber or R share drop off there is R
share drop off dedicated in all in both
of the lots that we have on campus so it
really doesn't matter if you're like
getting into the Uber and you're not
familiar with you know things around
town if you just put in z count event
center it doesn't matter which location
they take you to each one has a
registration area and a ride share drop
off so either way would be
fine um there's also shuttle so I know a
lot of our attendee Hotel blocks are now
completely sold out they've been spld
out for a few weeks now um so there is a
saster annual shuttle that is free to
attendees that you can get on it does
run between the Crown Plaza the newer
Hampton in that's in town um and the S
saster annual Campus of course at the
Event Center so it does a constant loop
it's about every 15 to 20 minutes um
again it just constantly will loop from
those hotels to the um saster annual
these are the Post-it shuttle times um
you know sometimes they've been able to
hold it a few minutes sometimes they
leave early a few minutes but like I
said you know it is on a constant Loop
um it's kind of like if you've been to
Disneyland it's like getting on the tram
or waiting for it it's kind of like that
so it's like a shuttle it's free to use
um it's fairly handy if you're trying to
get back and forth and you're not in a
rush um obviously for some reason you're
like in a rush to get to the event
center an Uber or lift would always be
faster than the shuttle um but the
shuttle's free so there's that uh
getting around town if you're from out
of town which I know a lot of you are it
is a busy time of year in Sano like I
said a lot of the hotels are full this
year I think this is the year we've had
the most local hotels be sold out at
capacity um Beyond capacity um so yeah
it's a busy time of year in Sano um as I
mentioned you know because a lot of
things are at capacity or sold out you
might want to look into getting a rental
car because um it is actually still even
though there's the shuttles right if you
want a little bit more flexibility um a
lot of people will get rental cars um
especially if you're coming into a team
it's just handy to get around where San
Matel County Event Center is um is um
kind of in the middle of uh it's because
it's so big right it's 40 acres you
could see it here on the map like there
are amenities around it which we talk
about but you know they're not really
walkable so if you need to get somewhere
else or if you've got customer meetings
maybe in the city or VC meetings down in
Palo Alto like your best way to get to
those places is going to be renting a
car and getting a free parking pass um I
warn everybody this every year because
we have so many people going to SAS
annual you are going to see search
prices on rer so it's just something to
bear in mind or factor into if you're
trying to get around um that's why we do
recommend rental cars to folks again
especially if you've got like two people
even then and ends up being um cheaper
to just run a car than um taking an Uber
back and forth from the campus to your
hotel or maybe your hotel's farther
because you can get into the sold out
blocks yeah we we do see a lot of people
do this so other amenities though that
are nearby there is a Hillsdale Mall so
if you forget something because you're
from out of town um there's a lot of
like amenities and restaurants there or
if you're like I want to have a customer
meeting that's maybe not on site um
because you're coming in early or you're
staying a few days later um Hillsdale
Mall is a really great place to do it
there's also a Starbucks that's about 15
minutes away sort of walkable but just
know it also gets really crowded during
sasra annnual so it can take quite a bit
of time sometimes and then um where the
Event Center is last but not least is
about a 30 minute drive depending on
traffic um to either downtown San
Francisco or Palo Alto um I would say
lately traffic's been worse so it's
probably 30 minutes to the airport and
then like another half hour to downtown
San Francisco um but depends on time of
day you're coming it is also kind of
crowded on the weekend so yeah it's just
a busy time of year so factor in um kind
of plenty of time for getting to the
annual if you want to you know maximize
your attendance we'll go through the
posted hours of like when the campus is
open when the campus is open you know
you're free to hang out even if sessions
are not going on um there's a lot of
really great places on campus to hang
out and do that so speaking of which um
you know there's a lot of really great
places on campus which we'll go through
and then we'll talk about how to pick up
your
badges I'm just going to go to
registration first um so yeah there's
there's three locations in which you can
pick up your badge so on campus there's
two registrations again it's just
because there's two sides of the of the
multiple city blocks that where you can
enter um you basically have to like
enter the property first um whether
you're taking the shuttle the ride shair
or whatever it is uh they're going to
drop you off in one of these lots and so
we have a dedicated registration and
checkin at each of those lots as well as
a satellite registration over at the
Crown Plaza so again since this is our
main um aende block hotel and there's a
lot of um hotels around it we do a
satellite registration there it has
slightly different hours you might if
you're coming in early that might be a
little bit easier for you to go get your
badge there and like skip the line um
versus coming to the campus so a lot of
options to register and get your badges
early um and then use the express lane
versus coming all at once um like you
guys do which is fine too but yeah you
know it's it's just if you if you want
to maybe avoid the minimal we times we
have in the lines and satellite rage is
a good way to do it or early badge
pickup um is also a good way to do it so
again anywhere you go on campus there
will be a badge pickup and entrance
area um if you've never been to saster
annual a few good reminders here on
registration so in order to pick up your
badge um you need a valid photo ID so
this will be either a driver's license
or a passport um you do need your ticket
confirmation code so that you know we
know that you are you and you are
picking up your ticket obviously you
have to be ticketed um to enter a
question I've gotten sometimes is like
okay if I need to buy an extra ticket at
the last minute can I like buy it at the
gate the answer is you can but they're
honestly just going to load up the
website like have you do the same thing
so it's probably easier for you to just
load up the website and do that at your
hotel before you come to the annual um
so there's it's not any quicker or
smoother it's actually the same process
so if you add anybody last minute you
could probably just do that now um
before the last price price increase
um for September 1st um and then once
you get your badge you do need to wear
them at all times so every day so not
just at your first entry point so
whenever you're coming back to saster
annual um you do need to still wear a
badge try not to lose it because there's
a reprint fee um the other thing I'd
like to remind folks is that badge
swapping and transferring after you
check in is not is not allowed so what
we mean by this is like if I go to
saster Amelia and I'm the system and I
pick up my badge I can't come for one
day and the next say Trish takes my
badge and says that she's ailia one
there are daily ID checks so when she
hits the ID checkpoint they're going to
see that Trish and Amelia don't match
the ID and the badge um and at and at
which point if you're like oh I want to
transfer my ticket from Amilia to Trish
because ailia is not coming back we do
not do that after you check in so you
can do it before you check in so if
Amilia gets sick and I can't come to SAS
annual and I want to transfer to Trish
for the entirety of the event you can
email events.com or come up to the help
desk once you're on site and they can
help you do that um but once you check
in your badge is yours for the entirety
of the event um really important to
utilize the express lanes that we have
on campus once you have your badge this
means you can bypass like you know all
the stanions and the stank line if
you've already got your badge then you
can go through Express because they will
just check your badge and your ID um and
then you'll go through security so just
know that you'll experience that anytime
you re-enter obviously this is just for
security purposes we have a lot of
people coming to sast annual our goal
for foremost above anything else is to
keep all of you safe um so thank you in
advance for your cooperation on that um
and also for not bringing any prohibited
items which we listed here you know very
similar like to the airport um a
security list it's probably the same
there's probably a few one-offs there
like unapproved costumes or confetti um
but yeah don't bring any of that with
you obviously because we are doing
security checkpoints that any of your
items that you bring with you are
subject to a search um and just know if
you are bringing things like outside
food and beverage like you know you grab
a Starbucks or a fills in the morning or
you go have lunch offsite and then you
come back um if you're bringing it
backend with you it can only be for
yourself and not like catering if you
have like a team that's coming with you
like you can't bring like a Starbucks
carrier of coffee one we have coffee on
campus um but two it's just you know we
do have food um exclusivities and all
that stuff so just be mindful of you
know what you're packing in and then
personal vehicles like scooters and
bikes even though the campus is Big um
this is this does not pertain to folks
with disabilities but just you know in
life we've had some folks in the past
because we have a big campus bring like
their bikes uh we just don't allow it
because we do have heavy equipment
running around so keep that in mind
these are the registration times um
you'll also find them on the mobile app
um or on sas.com we just um Consolidated
them here so you can see them out of
glance we do have early badge pickups
starting on Monday the 9th so again if
you're in town early you can come get
your badge either on campus or at
Satellite registration and how this
works um for those who are new here is
you would just pick up your badge and
then go to like you know wherever your
next appointment is or back to your
hotel um there's nothing to do on Monday
on campus we have our sponsors that are
loading in um but for attendees um it
would just be a badge pickup and then
you know you'd be able to like scope out
the scene get your badge there's no LS
on Mondays I can tell you guys like it's
a really chill Vibe if you want to come
get your badge um there you can also
Tuesday morning go to satellite rge if
you're like I'm ready to get my day
started or if I need to go get my badge
because I have some meetings I'm going
to go to before I come back to saster um
you can utilize the Crown Plaza pickup
point and then at 2:30 um the
registration and campus will open for
everyone and at that point you can
either use the express lane or if you've
already gotten your badge um or just
come on in and register then and then
come in the
show um similarly for Wednesday and
Thursday you know we open regge at 8:
a.m. and then go till 700 on Wednesday
so it's quite late and then Thursday we
open at 8 and then go to 3
pm okay um one thing we like to just
preface for everyone this year you will
see this it's very much like airport
security we do security checks every
year at SAS annual um we are utilizing
these open gate security systems this
year again you've probably seen these at
airports or you know kind of any
checkpoints these are Stadium
checkpoints these are fairly standard um
you know it's kind of the yeah Stadium
system where you know you walk through
you only have to like take out your
laptop or your glasses case um and then
you pass your items on the desk to
security and then you just walk through
right most people are going to go
through just fine so again just take a
look at that prohibited list and just
know like you know you probably all of
you are going to have like a laptop or
an iPad so anything bigger than that
much like the airport you're just going
to have to take it out real quick um and
then put it back in your bag once you're
through um so yeah just know that
obviously it's more to check for
prohibited items most of you will just
pass through just fine you won't beep
again it's super fast so um just know
this will be every day it's not just the
first day upon entry um it's every time
when you come back to the annual but
like I said again I know there's a lot
of you coming on campus but um it
usually just takes you know a few
seconds to walk through so um just know
that um for folks that have been asking
us if there is a coat check or a bag
check there is I'll call this out on the
campus map and then we'll go to the
campus map in a second but um it is um
outside not outside the grounds but like
it's outside the main hangers where a
lot of you are going to be the entirety
of the time so it is at registration so
just keep in mind that coach Che is at
registration um it is open these times
so you know these posted times is when
you can check a bag whatever a coat
extra layer a backpack whatever it may
be but again it is at registration for
EA security um it's for that purpose of
right because we are doing security this
year the co- check is literally right
next to registration so if you're coming
on the last day which where is where a
lot of you used this or run into the
scenario like if you're coming the last
day and you need to drop your like
roller bag um or your suitcase at code
check because you're going to go
straight to the airport from sasra
annual you can 100% do that it's just
like whatever registration you're at
will have its own dedicated coat check
so you need to go back to that one um in
order to get your stuff back you know
we're not going to move it if you exit a
different way we don't know that
information so just make sure you know
you go back through the same way you
came um if you have something at cooche
um and it is again you know outside by
registration so if at some point you're
like oh I need something in my bag you
are going to have to go back through
security right because you're exit
you're technically exiting um to get to
coat check so just keep that in mind
again for most of you it's not going to
be a big deal because you're just going
to check your bag you're going to leave
it there and then when you're ready to
go you just come pick up your bag um and
then you're good to go so again just
keep that in mind right if you're like
oh I may forget something it'll have to
go pop in and pop back out um also don't
leave things overnight if you're like
I'm going to leave my bag here on the
10th all all the way through the 12 we
do not leave things because they're out
by registration we don't leave things
out there overnight so it will end up
going to are like lost and found pretty
much um so please don't leave things
there especially don't leave you know
like valuables and stuff obviously we
know a lot of you bring like your rolly
bags on the 12th and that's all fine
right we've felt like security and stuff
those days but again just be sensible on
using coj U with the number of people
that we have around okay um handy to do
also is to download the saster events
app so if you don't have this yet you
can download saster events on your
mobile device it's got a lot of this
really great information that I am
spieling to you so it's got the attendee
portal um as well as a lot of other
stuff like signing up for sessions
signing up for brain dates getting your
ticket code that's all in the app um so
really handy if you download that app
before you come to the show okay so um
if you've never been to the SAS annual
there's a few things we want to go
through of what is on campus this year
so I'm actually going to click this one
um so yeah if you haven't seen the endi
portal if you scroll down you know
there's kind of some quick links here
you can get to anything you need you can
also get to like the Fuller size thing
you know like if you click it it makes
it a lot bigger as you can see so like
mine was really small on the side and if
you're like I can't you know read that
because it's too small um you can click
that one make it bigger save it just
know sometimes things change right so
sometimes we change names of things like
we've already changed the name of one of
these stages but like you know things
are generally in the same spot they're
going to be if you have any um questions
on site you can just look for the people
in the saster staff shirts they'll be
able to help you out um if you get lost
or you know you can ask the help desk a
registration or just fly any one of us
there's a lot of um staff around on site
um so yeah the campus is a really big
property so like I said this is not to
scale there not do justice but basically
after you enter registration um from any
checkpoint um the the a lot of things
are going to be in these two what we
call hangers so there's hanger West
hanger East they are connected to each
other um they're like more than like a
football fields each so again they're
pretty big um the stages aren't in here
so if you're looking of like I like you
know there's two sessions that are
almost back to back and I don't know how
much time I have to get from point A to
point B it would take you no more than
like you know five minutes to go from
point A to point B of any of the stages
same thing with like brain dates if
you're ready to get from brain dates to
like another stage or the sponsor Hall
to a different stage um again things are
are fairly close in those two hang we
try to keep it centralized and then
there is a lot of things on the outside
property so we've got things like you
know the not so secret Speak Easy the
casino the founders Lounge s cor Park
which has like a dog Lounge um you know
the VC Lounge the executive briefing
Center um kind of the whole Outdoors
like if you're looking to meet somebody
at SAS annual and you're like okay we
both know we're attending we don't know
where is a good place to meet up you
know you can meet up in the Cantina the
SAS Cantina which is over here Cloud 5
is a good place to meet people the
Midway is a really great place to take a
meeting a lot of people do take meetings
out there CU then you're outside you're
enjoying the air a lot of people will
take meetings in s Park this is
basically all outdoor meeting space
we've created for people um just know
that there will also be some doggies
there from time to time in sasore park
um and yeah those are great places to
meet back here in cam hex's Cool Zone so
if you guys don't know hexi is like our
mascot he's a hexagon that's the SAS
logo he's on my shirt so that's hexy um
you'll see him around um yeah we put
like a cool hangout area back there if
you're like I want to you know I don't
know play a game and also have a meeting
you can do that back there too um
there's a lot of really great places to
chill on campus if you will so we know
it's 40 acres we know things are a
little bit further to get to in Sano so
we do have basically a full property
campus built out um so that you don't
have to leave if you don't want to a lot
of people come early they stay the whole
day and then they leave it's like yeah
you don't have to you don't have to
leave if you don't want I will say I
have seen people take naps outside so
it's like we've seen it all um I've seen
people take naps in the grass I've seen
a lot of people take zooms um either in
the co-working space which is cloud 6 or
again kind of anywhere on campus um
that's a common occurrence these days
I've seen a lot of people do like little
team huddles outside so yeah we've kind
of again it's all built out there's like
coffee drinks food everywhere so um it
it's pretty handy for staying all
day uh okay on to the next slide which I
think is going to be the sponsor haul so
yeah if you have not seen this yet again
you can go to the attendee portal and
get a much bigger version but this is
the sponsor directory if you will so you
can see who's exhibiting this year um
and what Booth numbers they're at if you
know that there's somebody that you want
to meet with for this year so a lot of
our sponsors have been doing their own
weekly sponsor webinar some of them are
on this one are going to be watching
this one back so major thanks to all of
our sponsors it's going to be a really
great event this year to celebrate 10
years of annual okay few other quick
things because again we we wanted to try
and keep this rolling through um the
event agenda here like I said Monday if
you're not coming Monday um because you
know you have a Tuesday flight totally
fine it's just it's only early badge
pickup so if you are in town again good
idea to just come stop by and get your
badge for a few minutes um Tuesday right
we um have satellite registration open
in the morning and then the campus opens
at 2:30 um and on this day we've got you
know pray dates are open there's a few
um sessions that are going to be open on
Tuesday and it is Taco Tuesday I mean
technically every Tuesday taco Tuesday
so we decided to it out it will be Taco
Tuesday on campus we'll have drinks
we'll have tacos we'll have Bera we'll
have like bacon wrapped hot dogs so yeah
it will literally be Taco Tuesday on
campus if you're like oh we were
thinking of going out for tacos like we
brought the tacos to you so um Taco
Tuesday on Tuesday the 10th we'll have
our opening reception like I said with
tacos live music some networking some
content it's always a good way that we
like to kick off after annual right um
come get your badge come meet some
friends there's not too much content
going on so it's a really great time to
like like talk to sponsors talk to other
attendees like do a lot of the brain
dates like there's a lot of brain dates
going on in that block so yeah Tuesday
is a really good time to do that before
you get inundated with maybe like too
much content that you're trying to jam
into your schedule um so Wednesday and
Thursday are full content days we open
bright and early at 8 um you know brain
dates start at like 9: content starts at
9:30 there's lunch this day has a CFO
Summit um a happy hour poker night and
then the big party with teow um so I'll
get into each one of those if you're
like I haven't heard these words that
you've just said very rapidly so um if
you are a CFO or V of Finance attending
SAS annual click this link um I'll also
give you a handy um tip right
now which is if you go to sr.com if you
go to this networking you'll see if you
hover over it there's a bunch of stuff
here so a lot of those are all in my
deck we'll go through them but it's a
handy guide if you haven't seen this yet
this will link you out to brain dates
poker night the CCO me the CMO Branch
the CFO Summit the mea VC and all the
side parties that people are doing so
it's all in this nav super handy if you
haven't done this yet do this right
after this webinar good to check all
those out and see which ones you might
want to go to or qualify for recommend
you know you sign up for all of them if
you do qualify for them um they are kind
of events within our event so meaning
for things like the CFO Summit you know
this is going to be for CFOs and VPS of
Finance only um or if you're like I've
been trying to convince my CFO to come
and he hasn't had a reason why or they
haven't had a reason why this is a good
reason to come so it's Wednesday the
11th from 12:00 to 3 be sure you sign up
for that because it is um gated and
badge checked um based on who is
accepted same thing with poker Knight so
if you're a CEO coming or cro we'll say
poker Knight's getting pretty full so
maybe apply sooner rather than later all
of these are starting to get a little
bit full um yeah apply to cro and CEO
poker night on Wednesday the 11th um
this is starting at it goes all the way
till 8 so you can you can hear the music
from the big party if you're going to
poker night and you can Bop back and
forth um but yeah this will be a fun
time um I will preface there's no actual
buyin which is like the number one
question we've gotten about poker Knight
it's all like house money it's all for
funsies uh but still a lot of fun we had
this vendor come to Poker um last year
um and yeah everyone kind of had a black
it was full so like there were people
like waiting to get into table games so
it's always fun it's always full so yeah
kind of poker night um it'll be a jam if
you are one of those two buckets you
know apply for that and then yeah like I
said the big party so we do the big
party for those who don't know every
year this is like our big onsite party
um we've brought like a different kind
of like EDM electronic artist the last
few years um so this year we're going to
have Tito la which we're very excited
about we saw at coella she's really good
so you know she will be here um
performing at the big party she's
actually currently like on touring
Europe so she's coming just for this um
so this will be super fun um she's got
you know some big collaborations with
like James HP and stuff or if you guys
don't know her you can click some of
these links or just even YouTube her
again um and see check out her sets she
has a really fun time we we we love her
vibe um and for full conference
passholders we do have a few I just
checked this morning we have a few bring
up buddy passes left for your full
ticket holders um the link is in that
slide deck that I just linked to you
guys if you're following along on the
zoom you can click that link um it just
how these work is like if you are the
full ticket holder and like if I was a
full ticket holder and I wanted to bring
Trish um but she wasn't ticketed for all
of annual but she was just coming to the
party you sign them up for a buddy pass
and then basically go meet your buddy
when they come to SAS annual like you go
meet them at the gate you get them in
and then they can come into the big
party so it's it's quite easy actually
people have gotten used to this because
we've done this a few years now um but
it's always fun to like you know come to
the party um experience the vibe you can
come anytime after five so you've got
like an hour to like talk to sponsors
and then um enjoy the party um night so
yeah it's it's going to be fun it's
always usually my favorite part um of
the annual okay so coming into Thursday
and then I'll go back to that slide um
coming into Thursday you know re
registration opens at 8 AM for everyone
to typically by this point you're going
through the express line again content's
on networking's on branches on um
there's CMO Branch we talk about me to
VC Branch um lunches CCO Summit and the
last day we always do a happy hour and
closing reception so um CMO Branch we
just announced the lineup we got
inundated I'm going to say inundated and
I'm not lying with like applications for
people who want to come to CMO Branch so
if we don't accept you um it's not
because we don't love you it's because
we're probably getting really full so if
you haven't applied yet make sure you
apply for CMO Branch if you have a CMO
attending it is for CMOS only so I've
seen a few like VPO marketings apply
like marketing managers we are keeping
this one pretty strict it is pretty TI
door um for the CMO brunch and again
it's almost full
even though we just announced it um but
it's because we have such a killer
lineup so if you do have a CMO who is
attending um be sure to sign them up for
the brunch sooner rather than later um
for any of these kind of like closed
door side events we'll try and
accommodate walk-ups right if some
people bail and they're on the list and
so we can try and you know get people in
but it's not guaranteed so the best way
to do that is to apply for any of these
I will say for any of these like CMO CFO
CCO Branch um once you apply you will
know you get in because you'll get a
calendar invite literally from me myself
it will give you all the instructions of
how to check in for that brunch that day
so that's how you'll know you've been
accepted again we've been inated with
all these applications across the branch
but especially for CMO um so just give
it a few days if you're like I feel like
I qualify um again give it a few days
we're also you know all we've already
started our loading and all that kind of
stuff so um yeah just give it a few days
and then I'm sure we will um you'll get
that um confirmation from me if you
don't get it then you know then it means
that we may not have room for you but
again we will try our best so we will
try and accommodate some walk-ups there
um but highly recommend that if you're
coming and you're a CMO um or if you
qualify for any of these things right or
somebody on your team does that you have
them apply now so um the other thing
we're doing um two more things we're
doing on Thursday is there is the mea VC
VC and Founders Branch so this will be
in the founders Lounge that Rome is
sponsoring um we'll do this for CEOs
investors only get them all together
people have been asking us this for
years and so um I convinced Drome to let
us use their lounge space um to do this
on Thursday so we'll have a Founders in
VC um lunch so it is in the agenda this
one you can sign up for just keep in
mind we are going to check badges again
for a lot of these side events um so
just again be be mindful of that but
yeah do add that to your agenda um
usually we have a lot of investors I
know it's on sas.com there's a lot of
like hundreds of investors already
coming a lot of them are in brain dates
um but this is is a really good way to
meet them too if you want to have like
some really good conversations um the
CCO Summit as I mentioned a few times is
on Thursday I think this one is full so
um if you haven't already signed up
again one of those things where um you
know it's it's we'll try and accommodate
last minutes on site if you are a CCO
right um but yeah some of these are this
has been live for a while so I think
this one's starting to reach capacity or
is that capacity um and yeah it's it's
our first first time actually this year
doing this many events within the event
so it's kind of an experiment we did
like one last year we did our first CMO
one last year um so this year we have
five so it's our first time doing this
money um hopefully it helps you know
those who qualify and yeah we'll the the
the idea of them being a little bit more
like restricted in capacities is to keep
them more closed doors right these
sessions aren't recorded they're really
banging speakers honestly because they
know they're not being recorded and they
can be more like you know open and free
flowing um the other thing I'll say is
like a lot of these people are doing
open sessions so like the CMO Summits
like Denise from Snowflake and Carol Lou
and like um John Dar and all them are
doing a like open AMA for folks um in
the um in in just s anual on Thursday
before they do CMO branch and then for
CCO Summit they're actually closing out
C like some of the day with some of
these members from CCO Summit on one of
the core stages so I will say that too
if you like you still want to learn from
these folks um look for those two things
in the agenda because they are doing
more broader sessions as well that are
open for everyone um so speaking of the
agenda if you haven't done so yet we
highly recommend I'm starting to
register for sessions just so you can
build out your schedule and know where
you're going each day um we do are we
are still adding content as weird as
that sounds like again like we just got
you know we just announced the mo brunch
we're announcing some other main stages
still so yeah there's been things that
have been like you know puzzle piecing
in and out um so yeah good idea to keep
an eye on that and book your sessions
just so you know where you're going from
point A to point B um if you're
following along in the zoom we link some
of the most popular ones here off the
side so if you click any one of these if
I want to go to the bill.com session on
Thursday um if you're following on the
zoom this will actually take you to the
session itself um so that you can save a
seat for it so um to save your seat I
know it's a little bit confusing but
instead of hitting that star you're
going to hit that save seat button I'm
already logged in if you're not logged
in it is going to ask you to log in here
with just your ticket
um I'm already logged in so I'm going to
say save my seat and it's as easy as
that when you do save it it will
automatically start it for you but yeah
saving your seat is how you add it to
like there you can also add it to your
calendar right so if I wanted to add it
to any of these like my gcal I already
have it on my calendar but um you can
add this to your calendar as well just
to help build out your schedule it's
also kind of nice right if it's on your
calendar and then you know like okay I
kind of want to go to this one um or
another one um I know a question we get
a lot of is like okay if there's two
sessions I want to go see it one time
what do I do about that we are going to
be live streaming um so you can go to
the saster YouTube channel after the
fact um and watch whatever sessions you
might a missed that you wan to that you
want to watch or if you like really
enjoyed the session and slides and you
want to share it with your team um and
you can use the live stream for that as
well okay uh so just a few other things
because I want to talk about networking
um you know last but certainly not least
is how to network again I know it's one
of the top questions we get now as you
guys are gearing up to come to s annual
it's like what is our best way to
network how can we do that and that is
via the braines networking um and the
braines networking Lounge the S that's
sponsored by full cast that's on campus
so um I'll just quickly explain a brief
explainer of a what a brain dat is and
then what a brain date isn't because
that will help you guys um in the
guidelines of how to maximize your
networking so brain dates are all around
peer learning they're oneon-one in group
sessions again it's all based on peer
learning so the goal is to help you know
each other and fellow attendees learn
something new find mentorships create
Partnerships um exchange strategies
things like that what it isn't is like
this is not a wild west networking
platform as I like to call it so you
know there's not a tab of I'm just going
to log in a brain dates and suddenly I
can see everyone attending we don't do
that um all brain dates are moderated so
once you do submit a brain date it does
go into a moderation cue um and that is
because there are so many of you coming
that yes unfortunately sometimes there
are folks who just try and Pitch
themselves um in a brand and so to help
you know saave those off we do moderate
the topics that come in again um it is
all about having an interesting topic
and ideas to share right it's not meant
to be a bait and switch we do get
feedback from time to time if folks who
are like yeah you know even though they
topics said one thing it became a
product commercial and I really didn't
like this brain day um we get that
feedback and we do take action on that
so just keep that in mind um you know
it's not meant to be a product pitch or
a commercial um or straight up like talk
that only has to do with exactly what
your product does again it's like you
know for myself I wouldn't talk about
saster necessarily like if I had email
tips and tricks from sending all the
emails for annual then that would be my
topic right but it's not anything to do
um about saster itself I could use
saster examples uh but if I wanted to
talk email best practices that' be a
topic that'd be approved versus like you
know I don't know what we do at s come
learn from me like that would not be
approved so um those topics don't make
the cut the first time you log into
brain dates or maybe you have already
you will see this code of conduct which
explains all of these guidelines of
again things we accept versus things
that we more so don't accept um in here
again we typically don't you know we
typically don't approve things that have
to do with your product or service if
you I know there are a few of you right
now that keep submitting multiple time
the same thing and we keep rejecting it
the same time um you know if you do get
a note from our moderation team that
your brain dat was unaccepted we
typically write a reason why right of
like why it wasn't accepted um and some
hints of how to improve it so that it
would be accepted so yeah I know that
it's a little bit of a process um but
thanks for bearing with us there are a
lot of brain dates that are already live
so I will say a lot of you have
submitted a lot of you already have your
topics live um I know some of you are
waiting in the queue just to hear back
um that does take you know a little bit
of time for us to read all the
applications but hopefully it will help
improve um your networking experience
this year so that you have you know real
connections real networking versus you
know we had a lot of feedback last year
that too many people got straight up
pitched so hopefully he won't get
straight up pitched this year so you
know it's double-edged sword um for
networking but again I think everyone
off the bat will have a better overall
networking um experience this year with
the way that we have um implemented the
brain dates for 2024 so when you do have
a brain date booked um or if you want to
try and book one last minute the best
place to go once you're on site will be
that brain date Lounge in the East
hanger so that's that's the best place
to go we have a dedicated team there
that will help you with brain dates and
networking help answer any questions um
I'll give you also like a quick rundown
of why sometimes I've seen you know
throughout the years because we've done
brain dates a lot
now of why some of these only sometimes
last you know sometimes the really good
brains will last 30 minutes sometimes I
see them getting like moved like they're
like yeah we left that group there in
the lounge and they've been there there
like all day or sometimes like I walk by
and I'm like oh didn't that session or
didn't that brain ages start and they're
like yeah it's already over because I
like the host wasn't prepared or you
know again it was a product pitch and so
people were unhappy and so they walk out
so again you know just because people
sign up for your brain date they are not
Hostage to your time and your messaging
if they don't like it they will probably
walk out so um it is a sad reality right
if you do try and again being switched
people Chris is doing more of a thought
leadership perspective um so brain AES
can either be you know at an extreme 20
minutes or 20 seconds so a lot of the
really great brain dates will have
either slides or talking points um just
to help help you know ground the
conversation help it get going they
center around tactics Lessons Learned or
failures or data those are often some of
our most popular brain dates um a lot of
those who if you're thinking about
hosting a brain date we do ask that you
put in the prep workk right not just
roll up to your brain date and say okay
I'm gonna do mine on email best
marketing practices and I get there and
I'm like okay what are my email
marketing you know doing it on the Fly
is a little less great than you know
even just having some talking points if
I write down you know Five Points of
okay let's talk about AB testing subject
lines um audience segmentation um you
know warm versus re-engagement that kind
of thing right so uh time of day yeah
any story messaging like all that stuff
would be more concrete than just showing
up to your brain date um and that's why
some of them do again at extreme like 20
seconds right like sometimes they can
only end after a few minutes if the host
themselves is not prepared to have that
conversation or discussion um so yeah we
try and avoid that right and that's why
we do the moderation the other thing I
you know I I should have said earlier
before minute 42 but you know this is
just all of annual is not LinkedIn right
so this is a fre of life event people
are going to be in front of you it is a
real event there's going to be a lot of
people probably more more crowds than
you're used to in a while if you've been
working remotely um so just keep in mind
it is face to face right be curious show
up to your bookings if you book a brain
date if you commit to them if you know
show a bunch of brain dates that is
flagged right um so that you don't just
bail on folks that you said you were
going to meet with or again again
they'll flag it if if we get some
feedback from too many attendees that
you're just doing a straight up product
pitch that all gets Incorporated to our
feedback for the most of you you know
submit your brain date on a subject
matter that you or topic that your
subject matter on for most of you will
be accepted you'll have a really great
networking experience um but again it's
just so that we can help kind of curate
and make sure you know they we're we're
trying to maximize the amount of radi
last 20 minutes versus 20 seconds so um
hence all that but yeah like I said if
you want to get into brain dates um then
yeah you go to san. brain.com you do
have to be a full ticket holder um if
you just bought your ticket give it I
always say give it like an hour before
you log into brain dates um you'll see
some of these are already in the topic
Marketplace so you can start signing up
for brain dates um there's a lot of
different topics I always like to you
know use like the search if you're
looking for something like I mean all
there's a lot of AI topics if you search
for AI um a bunch of them come up so
yeah you'll see things like that uh but
yeah that's how you join a brain date
and then you can also post your own
brain date if you're like okay I
understand Amilia I want to host my own
brain date and exchange ideas then yeah
anybody is more than welcome to submit
their topic to bra
dates um okay me of VC this is also
super important so for any Founders or
you know CEOs that are looking to
funding or meetings with VC's this year
um redo this Evergreen program called me
of VC so there's two ways to participate
if either you're a founder or you're
investor we do the first wave of
applications out to investors next week
so if you're not a founder or if you're
a founder and you have not applied yet
please do so now because you'll be part
of that first wave we do a last wave
pretty much like the day before the
event starts but obviously these
investors need a little bit of time to
like go through the criteria that we ask
you know do a little research see if
they want to meet with you so yeah get
those applications in today so that you
can be in the first wave that goes out
next week and how this works is like if
I'm a million I'm a Founder um and I'm
looking to raise a round of funding you
apply via this link it's just going to
ask you a few questions basically this
is like investment like overall General
investment criteria for a lot of
investors so you'll tell us about your
startup you know location mrr ARR things
like that um clients that you're you
know proud to have tell us about your
startup like yes this is a little bit of
work you know you might get we have
known people every year who get
Investments out of this so it's while
it's not guaranteed a lot of people who
do put in the work have at least a few
meetings with investors and some of them
have gotten funded at SAS anal so I know
this form's a little long but trust me
you know it could be worth it so if
that's worth it you know fill all this
out um say that you're attending SAS
annual and then hit apply we share this
with the investors so they'll reach out
to directly if they want to set up a
meeting um we don't you know sometimes
they ask us to help facilitate and then
we do it but for the most part the
investors are self-sufficient so they'll
get the list and and they'll start just
reaching out to folks so um be sure you
do that if you are trying to raise
another round funding um with that Trish
know you've been helping answer
questions as we go any any standout ones
that you want to cover at the end here a
lot of questions about food and beverage
and if people need to I did kind of skip
that a
little gonna get fed we promise so much
food so many beverages yeah that's a
good question so yeah it's it's I don't
know it's one of those things where yeah
it ends up being a top question um so
yeah because we are on a big massive 40
acre campus there is food and beverage
pretty much all day with how we have
food and beverage rolling so there's
coffee and breakfast in the morning
there's coffee actually all day so
there's like cold brew coffee there's
tea there's hot coffees there are
specialty coffees um mger is our coffee
sponsor this year there's coffee
everywhere like we actually like doubled
the amount of coffee from last year
because this audience including me
personally drinks a lot of coffee so
there's a lot of coffee um on campus if
you're like a tea person there's tea too
there's like soft drinks all that kind
of stuff so that's all included with
your pass I'll say that too like there's
nothing to pay for once you are on site
um there's lunch every day so lunch is
in the agenda right 11:30 to 1:30 um for
Wednesday and Thursday obviously we
talked about how at the opening
reception it's Taco Tuesday so there's
tacos um there's beer um during happy
hours there's things like you know
appetizers drinks all that kind of stuff
and by drinks I mean you know if it's
happy hour there there'll be alcoholic
beverages as well as non-alcoholic and
there's there's like a variety of of um
alcoholic or non-alcoholic if you're
like I want a Seltzer I don't want a
glass of wine there's both um some
places like the Speak Easy that IBM is
sponsoring has like specialty cocktails
or like the Airstream that worka has has
like slushies so if you're like warm um
that's where to go get a slushie so yeah
there's plenty of food and beverage
around um all day it's a good one any
others uh no they're all pretty easy
answered everybody in the thread but
again if anybody ever has questions you
can just send us a note events sing.com
we're super responsive happy you guys
there great reminder yeah so with that
if you guys think of any questions you
know a lot of this is in the attendee
portal so you guys have the link to that
now sign up for all those networking
things um email events fast rank.com if
you have a question or you know at some
point next week we'll we'll flip that to
you know we're now on site please come
to the help desk um so onsite will be at
the help desk um our team will be there
to help you out with that hope you're
getting excited you know it's not that
many sleeps to go till SAS or annual um
it'll be really fun it's again massive
campus if this is your first time indoor
outdoor a lot of really great content um
maybe even too much sometimes lots of
networking parties side parties official
unofficial parties so yeah it's a lot
going on um you know a lot of people
getting together for this one so it'll
be great um we hope you guys are excited
and we will see you there and thanks for
watching